petty officer Shane canny say can you
say it mr. Patton please it around the
world twice talked to everyone once
there ain't nothing I can't do no sky
too high no see too rough a lot of
lessons in my left never shoot a
large-caliber man with a small caliber
bullet
anything alive worth doing is worth
overdoing moderation is for cowards I'm
I'm a fighter I'm a UDT Navy SEAL diver
listen up
Red Wings ago bad guy senior Taliban
commander from shore killed 20 Marines
last week 20 going in with a four-man
team axelsson myself
Dietz Marcus Davey there's a lot more
than 10 guys
mr. army
[Music]
this office compromised this is sparta
Danny you radio work it way I see it we
got two options one let him go will the
dice second that they run down there we
got 200 on our backs to we terminate the
compromise we cannot do that I don't
care I care about you I care about you I
care about you not killing kids not
feeling it this is not a vote we're
gonna cut them loose and we're going
home
Roger that sir
[Music]
sheis fixing against what a game gunfire
as a storm inside of us
a drive
and push yourself further than anyone
could think possible
see
[Music]
good right or Salvage
you aren't never out of the fight just
day